## Multi-Class Classification and Neural Network

Here you will implement one-vs-all logistic regression and neural networks model to recognize hand-written digits (from 0 to 9). You are given a data set in [ex3data1.mat](https://github.com/sanket1012/Coursera-Machine-Learning/blob/master/Excercise%203-%20Multi-class%20Classification%20and%20Neural%20Networks/ex3data1.mat) that contains 5000 training examples of handwritten digits. The '.mat' format means that the data has been saved in a native Octave/MATLAB matrix format, instead of a text (ASCII) format like a csv file. These matrices can be read directly into your program by using the load command. After loading, matrices of the correct dimensions and values will appear in your program's memory. The matrix will already be named, so you do not need to assign names to them.

There are 5000 training examples in ex3data1.mat, where each training example is a 20 pixel by 20 pixel grayscale image of the digit. Each pixel is represented by a floating point number indicating the grayscale intensity at that location. The 20 by 20 grid of pixels is "unrolled" into a 400-dimensional vector. Each of these training examples becomes a single row in our data matrix X. This gives us a 5000 by 400 matrix X where every row is a training example for a handwritten digit image.

The second part of the training set is a 5000-dimensional vector y that contains labels for the training set. To make things more compatible with Octave/MATLAB indexing, where there is no zero index, we have mapped the digit zero to the value ten. Therefore, a "0" digit is labeled as "10", while the digits "1" to "9" are labeled as "1" to "9" in their natural order.

As logistic regression cannot form more complex hypotheses as it is only a linear classifier, one can also implement the model using Neural Networks:  
* [Logistic Regression](https://github.com/sanket1012/Coursera-Machine-Learning/tree/master/Excercise%203-%20Multi-class%20Classification%20and%20Neural%20Networks/Logistic%20Regression)  
* [Neural Networks](https://github.com/sanket1012/Coursera-Machine-Learning/tree/master/Excercise%203-%20Multi-class%20Classification%20and%20Neural%20Networks/Neural%20Networks)
